Context (audio): Dialogue. Kriemhild and Luzia are sitting in the desert. They have been camping out for weeks, and they have started having strange dreams. They don't know yet why it is happening , but it has started giving them nightmares about cowboys. This is what they discuss. In the middle, they start to fight. You'll never believe at the end why this is happening.
Luzia (audio): Kriemhild? Can you hear me?
Kriemhild (audio): Yes, I can hear you. What's wrong?

Luzia (audio): I'm having the strangest dream. There's a cowboy chasing me and I can't seem to get away.
Kriemhild (audio): That doesn't sound strange to me. I've been having nightmares about cowboys too.
Luzia (audio): Really? I thought I was the only one.
Kriemhild (audio): No, I've been having them for weeks now. I don't know why, but they're getting worse and worse.
Luzia (audio): Do you think it has anything to do with why we're here?
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. But I have a feeling we're going to find out soon.
Luzia (audio): Why do you have that feeling?
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. I just have a bad feeling about this place.
Luzia (audio): I don't like it either. But we've been camping out here for weeks and we haven't seen any sign of life.
Kriemhild (audio): I know. But I can't help but feel like we're being watched.
Luzia (audio): Maybe we are. But by who?
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. But I have a feeling we're going to find out soon.

Stage Directions (audio): Suddenly, they find out: they are being watched by a group of cowboys. The cowboys are not happy to see them and start to fight. Kriemhild and Luzia are outnumbered and outgunned, and they don't stand a chance against the cowboys. They are forced to surrender and are taken prisoner.

Luzia (audio): Kriemhild, what's going on?
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. But I have a feeling we're in big trouble.
Luzia (audio): Why? What do you think they're going to do to us?
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. But I have a feeling it's not going to be good.
Stage Directions (audio): Luzia Gasps. She looks like she is being possessed, since she is so deep in a nightmare state.
Kriemhild (audio): Luzia! What's wrong?
Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: The cowboys are coming to get us. They're going to kill us.
Kriemhild (audio): No, they're not. We're going to be fine. Just stay calm.
Luzia (audio):  in a deep voice: They're coming closer. I can hear them. They're going to kill us.
Kriemhild (audio): Luzia, snap out of it!
Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: They're almost here. I can hear them. They're coming to kill us.
Stage Directions (audio): Kriemhild suddenly sees the cowboys in her mind's eye too.
Kriemhild (audio): Oh no. They're coming. We have to run!
Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: It's too late. They're here.
Stage Directions (audio): Kriemhild narrates in real time what happens next:
Kriemhild (audio): 

The cowboys catch up to us and start to fight. We're outnumbered and outgunned, and we don't stand a chance. We're forced to surrender and are taken prisoner.

Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: What are they going to do to us?
Kriemhild (audio): in a deep voice: I don't know. But I have a feeling it's not going to be good.

Context (audio): Suddenly, Marin enters the scene.

Kriemhild (audio): Marin! What are you doing here?
Marin (audio): I came to warn you. You're in danger.
Kriemhild (audio): What are you talking about?
Marin (audio): The cowboys are coming. They're going to kill you.
Kriemhild (audio): How do you know?
Marin (audio): I had a vision. You have to leave now, before it's too late.
Kriemhild (audio): But we can't just leave. We have to find out what's going on.
Marin (audio): There's no time. You have to go now.
Kriemhild (audio): But what about Luzia?
Marin (audio): I'll take care of her. Just go!
Kriemhild (audio): Okay. Be careful.
Marin (audio): I will. Now go!

Context (audio): Kriemhild leaves and Marin stays behind to protect Luzia. Luzia is still having the dream

Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: They're coming closer. I can hear them. They're going to kill us.
Marin (audio): Luzia, snap out of it!
Luzia (audio): in a deep voice: They're almost here. I can hear them. They're coming to kill us.
Marin (audio): Luzia, wake up!

Context (audio): Luzia wakes up with a start.

Luzia (audio): What happened?
Marin (audio): You were having a nightmare.
Luzia (audio): Really? I don't remember.
Marin (audio): You were screaming and yelling. I had to shake you to wake you up.
Luzia (audio): Wow. I'm sorry.
Marin (audio): It's okay. I'm just glad you're awake.
Luzia (audio): What time is it?
Marin (audio): It's almost dawn.
Luzia (audio): We should get moving.
Marin (audio): Okay. Let me just wake up Kriemhild.

Context (audio): Marin wakes up Kriemhild and they start to pack up their camp.

Kriemhild (audio): What's going on?
Marin (audio): We have to leave. The cowboys are coming.
Kriemhild (audio): How do you know?
Marin (audio): I had a vision.
Kriemhild (audio): Okay. Let's go.

Stage Directions (audio): They pack up their camp and start to leave. As they are leaving, they are spotted by the cowboys.

Kriemhild (audio): Oh no. They've seen us.
Marin (audio): Run!

Stage Directions (audio): They start to run, but they are quickly caught by the cowboys.

Kriemhild (audio): We're doomed.
Marin (audio): No, we're not. I won't let them hurt you.

Stage Directions (audio): Marin tries to protect Kriemhild, but she is quickly killed by the cowboys. Kriemhild is left alone and terrified. The cowboys start to close in on her.

Kriemhild (audio): No! Please don't hurt me.

Context (audio): Kriemhild wakes up from the nightmare, screaming.

Kriemhild (audio): What was that?
Luzia (audio): You were having a nightmare.
Kriemhild (audio): Really? I don't remember.
Luzia (audio): You were screaming and yelling. I had to shake you to wake you up.
Kriemhild (audio): Wow. I'm sorry.
Luzia (audio): It's okay. I'm just glad you're awake.
Kriemhild (audio): What time is it?
Luzia (audio): It's almost dawn.
Kriemhild (audio): We should get moving.
Luzia (audio): Okay. Let me just wake up Marin.

Context (audio): Luzia tries to wake up Marin, but she is unresponsive.

Luzia (audio): Marin? Marin, wake up.

Stage Directions (audio): Luzia starts to shake Marin, but she doesn't wake up.

Luzia (audio): Marin! Wake up!

Stage Directions (audio): Luzia starts to cry as she realizes Marin is dead. 
Kriemhild (audio): Oh no. Marin is dead.
Luzia (audio): What are we going to do?
Kriemhild (audio): We have to find a way to get out of here.
Luzia (audio): But how? We're outnumbered and outgunned.
Kriemhild (audio): I don't know. But we have to try. We can't just give up.
Luzia (audio): Okay. What do you want me to do?
Kriemhild (audio): I'll try to distract them. You see if you can find a way to escape.
Luzia (audio): Okay. Be careful.
Kriemhild (audio): I will.
